Introduce changes for natural expressions (#7)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-np: ballerina/README.md

    int rating;
|};

public function main() returns error? {
    Blog blog = {
        title: "The Future of Ballerina",

>         content: "Ballerina is a programming language designed for cloud-native applications."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        content: "Ballerina is a programming language designed for integration."
```

    };

>     Review review = check natural {

Author: That isn't quite how it is usually used though, is it?
